Clean up AEAD encrypted disclosures section and justify use of AEAD (#285)
ietf-wg-spice/draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt: draft-ietf-spice-sd-cwt.md

The entire SD-CWT is included in the protected header of the SD-KBT, which secures the entire Issuer-signed SD-CWT including its unprotected headers that include its disclosures.

> When encrypted disclosures are present, the corresponding plaintext disclosures MUST be in the unprotected headers of the Issuer-signed SD-CWT, before the SD-KBT can be generated by the Holder.

Reviewer: This is confusing.

Perhaps: The issuer must make the plaintext values of all disclosable claims available to the holder by placing them in the unprotected header. The holder MAY then chose to encrypt some of these, and remove their plaintext disclosures while adding corresponding encrypted disclosures, before finally signing the SD-KBT containing all intended disclosures of either type.

> When encrypted disclosures are present, the corresponding plaintext disclosures MUST be in the unprotected headers of the Issuer-signed SD-CWT, before the SD-KBT can be generated by the Holder.

Author: ```suggestion
The Issuer MUST make the plaintext Salted Disclosed Claims of all Redacted Claims available to the Holder by placing them in the unprotected header in the `sd_claims` header parameter. 
The Holder MAY then chose to encrypt some of these Salted Disclosed Claims, omit the plaintext versions from the `sd_claims` unprotected header field, and add the corresponding encrypted disclosures to the `sd_aead_encrypted_claims` unprotected header field.
The Holder finally signs the SD-KBT containing all intended disclosures of either type.
```

The ordering of claims, and precision of timestamps can also be used to produce a covert channel.
This is more of a concern for SD-CWT than typical CWTs, because the Holder is usually considered to be aware of the Issuer claims they are disclosing to a Verifier.

## Use of authenticated encryption for encrypted disclosures

This section provides justification of the choice of AEAD (or generally authenticated) algorithms for encrypted disclosures in SD-CWT versus unauthenticated encryption.

1. AEAD algorithms (especially AES_GCM) are among the most widely available cryptographic algorithms.
Implementations of these algorithms are generally well tested and documented across a wide range of environments and programming environments, and often benefit from hardware accelleration.
Unauthenticated algorithms are less widely available and are often only available in "subtle" cryptographic interfaces.
Use of a mainstream AEAD algorithm is less likely to trigger false alarms in security audits than unauthenticated encryption algorithms.

> 2. Since SD-CWTs support nested disclosures, a Verifier may need to decrypt and process disclosures from an honest Holder at multiple depths to find the Salted Disclosed Claim and Blinded Claim Hash associated with a specific Redacted Claim.

Reviewer: Blinded or Redacted?

> 2. Since SD-CWTs support nested disclosures, a Verifier may need to decrypt and process disclosures from an honest Holder at multiple depths to find the Salted Disclosed Claim and Blinded Claim Hash associated with a specific Redacted Claim.

Author: Nice catch

```suggestion
2. Since SD-CWTs support nested disclosures, a Verifier may need to decrypt and process disclosures from an honest Holder at multiple depths to find the Salted Disclosed Claim and Redacted Claim Hash associated with a specific Redacted Claim.
```
